Congratulations. That was it.
You've just completed your first Java course,
in which you have learned all the basics you
need so that you can write your own Java programs.
You've learned about decision making functions and loops and these are
all tools you can use to program a computer to solve lots of different problems for you.
Like using loops to repeat instructions many millions of times or using
arrays to simulate a game or even program
the computer to think about the best move to make in a game.
There's still a lot more that you can learn in Java,
most of which we'll be covering in the next courses,
like object-oriented programming and how to use
files to store and retrieve data and a lot more.
For now, it's time to set up your own computer to
create and run Java programs all from scratch.
I'll walk through how to download and install everything you need.
And remember that tic tac toe game that we did in lesson one, well,
once you're up and running with your computer,
you should download our starter code for the game
and start working on completing the code for us.
You will find all the instructions you need to complete and submit this project.
And if you have any questions,
we're always here to help. Good luck.